All liens and security interests securing reimbursement obligations and other obligations owed to the applicable U.S. L/C Issuer of any U.S. Bond L/C under the related Bond Documents (including any U.S. L/C Borrowing), any rights in and to any Bonds or other certificates of indebtedness issued to such L/C Issuer under the related Bond Documents, and any voting rights or other rights created in favor of such L/C Issuer under or pursuant to or in connection with any related Bond Documents (collectively, the “ Bond Rights ”), now or hereafter existing in favor of such L/C Issuer, are hereby assigned and conveyed by the applicable U.S. L/C Issuer to U.S. Funding Agent for the ratable benefit of U.S. Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any U.S. Bond L/C, any Bonds or certificates of indebtedness purchased from the owner thereof by the applicable Trustee with funds received pursuant to a drawing under any U.S. Bond L/C shall be registered in the name of U.S. Funding Agent and shall be delivered to or held by U.S. Funding Agent or such other entity as may be specified by the applicable L/C Issuer and approved by U.S. Funding Agent in a written instrument delivered to the applicable Trustee, for the benefit of the applicable L/C Issuer, U.S. Funding Agent and the other U.S. Lenders. Each L/C Issuer of a U.S. Bond L/C agrees to execute all such other assignments, conveyances, financing statements and other documents required by U.S. Funding Agent to effect the requirements of this Section 5.14.2 ; provided that, U.S. Lenders, U.S. Funding Agent and such U.S. L/C Issuer agree that in the event any Bonds or certificates of indebtedness are issued to such U.S. L/C Issuer (or U.S. Funding Agent as the assignee of such U.S. L/C Issuer) as a result of a drawing by the applicable Trustee under the U.S. Bond L/C for which such U.S. L/C Issuer is not immediately reimbursed, and subsequently the Bonds are remarketed and such U.S. L/C Issuer is reimbursed for all amounts so advanced (which reimbursement may be a repayment of any Loan disbursed by U.S. Lenders as payment of the related U.S. Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations under Section 5.3.2 or a repayment of an U.S. L/C Borrowing), then any Bonds or certificates of indebtedness shall be released by U.S. Funding Agent and delivered to such Trustee without any further authorization from U.S. Lenders or such U.S. L/C Issuer.