Construct a portfolio of 10 stocks using the following categories.
Based on your criteria of Technology industry, High risk, and a Global geographic location, here is a potential portfolio of 10 stocks:

1. Tesla Inc. (TSLA) - an American multinational corporation that specializes in electric vehicles and clean energy. It is considered a high-risk stock due to its volatility and the competitive nature of the automobile industry.

2. Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) - an American multinational conglomerate technology company based in Seattle, Washington. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's aggressive expansion and high valuations.

3. Baidu Inc. (BIDU) - a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the competitive and rapidly changing landscape of the Chinese Internet market.

4. Zoom Video Communications Inc. (ZM) - an American communications technology company headquartered in San Jose, California. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's rapid growth and high valuations.

5. Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) - an American multinational semiconductor company based in Santa Clara, California. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the cyclical and competitive nature of the semiconductor industry.

6. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA) - a Chinese multinational conglomerate specializing in e-commerce, retail, Internet, and technology. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's high valuations and the uncertain regulatory environment in China.

7. Spotify Technology S.A. (SPOT) - a Swedish music streaming and media services provider. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's lack of profitability and the competitive nature of the music streaming industry.

8. Square Inc. (SQ) - an American financial services and digital payments company based in San Francisco, California. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's high valuations and the competitive nature of the payments industry.

9. Shopify Inc. (SHOP) - a Canadian multinational e-commerce company headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's high valuations and the competitive nature of the e-commerce market.

10. Netflix Inc. (NFLX) - an American media services company headquartered in Los Gatos, California. Its stock is considered high-risk due to the company's high valuations and the intense competition in the streaming industry.