All notices and other communications under this Agreement and any Terms Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of communication, and (a) shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to: if to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, 7 th Floor, New York, New York 10179, to the attention of the Special Equities Group, Adam Rosenbluth (email adam.s.rosenbluth@jpmorgan.com) and Brett Chalmers (email brett.chalmers@jpmorgan.com); and if to HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., to HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Attention: Prospectus Department, 452 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10018, telephone: +1 (877) 429-7459, or by emailing: nyequity.syndicate@us.hsbc.com; (b) if to the Selling Stockholder, shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the Selling Stockholder at the officers of the Selling Stockholder at 13135 South Dairy Ashford Road, Sugar Land, Texas 77478, to the attention of Legal Department (email: SRechter@noblecorp.com), with a copy to John D. Geddes at Baker Botts L.L.P., One Shell Plaza, 910 Louisiana Street, Houston, Texas 77002-4995 (email: john.geddes@bakerbotts.com); and (c) if to the Company, shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the Company at the offices of the Company at 333 North Central Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85004, to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer (email kathleen_quirk@fmi.com), with a copy to Monique A. Cenac at Jones Walker LLP, 333 N. Central Avenue, 25th Floor, Phoenix, Arizona 85004 (email mcenac@joneswalker.com). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Transaction Proposals shall be delivered by the Selling Stockholder to the Agents via e-mail in “.pdf” format to the applicable Agent as follows: if to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, to Adam Rosenbluth (email: adam.s.rosenbluth@jpmorgan.com), Brett Chalmers (email: brett.chalmers@jpmorgan.com), Jemil Salih (email: jemil.d.salih@jpmorgan.com) and Ara Movsesian (email: ara.movsesian@jpmorgan.com), if to HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., to Jeffrey Nicklas (email: jeffreynicklas@us.hsbc.com); and Transaction Acceptances shall be delivered by the Agents to the Company via e-mail in “.pdf” format to: Kathleen L. Quirk (email: kathleen_quirk@fmi.com), with copies to Dionne M. Rousseau (email: drousseau@joneswalker.com) and Monique A. Cenac (email: mcenac@joneswalker.com).