Any and all Arbitrable Disputes (except to the extent injunctive relief is sought) shall be resolved through the use of binding arbitration using, in the case of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount equal to or greater than $1,000,000 or non‑monetary relief, three arbitrators, and in the case of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount less than $1,000,000, one arbitrator, in each case in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as supplemented to the extent necessary to determine any procedural appeal questions by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code). If there is any inconsistency between this Article 22 and the Commercial Arbitration Rules or the Federal Arbitration Act, the terms of this Article 22 shall control the rights and obligations of the Parties. Arbitration must be initiated within the time limits set forth in this Agreement, or if no such limits apply, then within a reasonable time or the time period allowed by the applicable statute of limitations. Arbitration may be initiated by a Party (“ Claimant ”) serving written notice on the other Party (“ Respondent ”) that Claimant elects to refer the Arbitrable Dispute to binding arbitration. Claimant’s notice initiating binding arbitration must identify the arbitrator Claimant has appointed. Respondent shall respond to Claimant within thirty (30) days after receipt of Claimant’s notice, identifying the arbitrator Respondent has appointed. If Respondent fails for any reason to name an arbitrator within the 30-day period, Claimant shall petition the American Arbitration Association for appointment of an arbitrator for Respondent’s account. The two arbitrators so chosen shall select a third arbitrator within thirty (30) days after the second arbitrator has been appointed, and, in the of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount less than $1,000,000, such third arbitrator shall act as the sole arbitrator, and the sole role of the first two arbitrators shall be to appoint such third arbitrator. Claimant shall pay the compensation and expenses of the arbitrator named by or for it, and Respondent shall pay the compensation and expenses of the arbitrator named by or for it. The costs of petitioning for the appointment of an arbitrator, if any, shall be paid by Respondent. Claimant and Respondent shall each pay one-half of the compensation and expenses of the third arbitrator. All arbitrators must (a) be neutral parties who have never been officers, directors or employees of the Operator, the Company or any of their Affiliates and (b) have not less than seven (7) years’ experience in the energy industry. The hearing shall be conducted in the State of Delaware or the Philadelphia Metropolitan area and commence within thirty (30) days after the selection of the third arbitrator. The Company, the Operator and the arbitrators shall proceed diligently and in good faith in order that the award may be made as promptly as possible. Except as provided in the Federal Arbitration Act, the decision of the arbitrators shall be binding on and non-appealable by the Parties hereto. The arbitrators shall have no right to grant or award Special Damages. Notwithstanding anything herein the contrary, the Company may not dispute any amounts with respect to an invoice delivered in accordance with Article 5 that the Company has not objected to within one hundred twenty (120) days of receipt thereof.