All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on CAD Term Loans , all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower with respect to principal and interest on CAD Term Loans shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Term Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office in Canadian Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date such payment is to be made on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in Canadian Dollars, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of such Canadian Dollar payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer after 2:00 p.m. shall (i) 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars or (ii) the Applicable Time specified to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date any such payment is to be made in the case of payments in Canadian Dollars, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.