Should any legal claim (other than those excepted below) arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement or Executive's employment or the termination of Executive's employment not be resolved by negotiation or mediation, it shall be subject to binding and final arbitration in Rock Hill, South Carolina, which is in York County. The fees of the arbitrator and any other fees for the administration of the arbitration that would not normally be incurred if the action were brought in a court of law shall be paid by Company.  However, Executive shall be required to pay the amount of those fees equal to that which Executive would have been required to pay to file a lawsuit in court. Any demand for arbitration shall be in writing and must be communicated to the other party prior to the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. Unless otherwise provided herein, the arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures published by the American Arbitration Association. If the arbitrator selected as set forth herein determines that this location constitutes a significant hardship on the Executive and constitutes an impermissible barrier to Executive’s efforts to enforce Executive’s statutory or contractual rights, such arbitration may be conducted in some other place determined to be reasonable by the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be selected by mutual agreement of the parties. If the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within thirty (30) days after written request for arbitration is made by one party to the controversy, a neutral arbitrator shall be appointed according to the procedures set forth in the American Arbitration Association Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures. In rendering the award, the arbitrator shall have the authority to resolve only the legal dispute between the parties, shall not have the authority to abridge or enlarge substantive rights or remedies available under existing law, and shall determine the rights and obligations of the parties according to the substantive laws of the Applicable State Law and any applicable federal law. In addition, the arbitrator's decision and award shall be in writing and signed by the arbitrator, and accompanied by a concise written explanation of the basis of the award. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator is authorized to award any party a sum deemed proper for the time, expense, and trouble of arbitration, including arbitration fees and attorneys’ fees.