Any dispute arising out of or relating to (i) this Agreement or the alleged breach of it, or the making of this Agreement, including claims of fraud in the inducement, or (ii) Employee’s application or candidacy for employment, employment and/or termination of employment with Bio-Techne including, but not limited to, any and all disputes, claims or controversies relating to discrimination, harassment, retaliation, wrongful discharge, and any and all other claims of any type under any federal or state constitution or any federal, state, or local statutory or common law shall be discussed between the disputing Parties in a good faith effort to arrive at a mutual settlement of any such controversy. If, notwithstanding, such dispute cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration. Any request for arbitration must be filed with the American Arbitration Association within ninety (90) days of the events giving rise to the claim. Bio-Techne encourages Employee to consult an attorney regarding the reasonableness of this ninety (90) day filing provision. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall be a retired state or federal judge or an attorney who has practiced securities or business litigation for at least 10 years. If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within 20 days, any Party may request that the chief judge of the District Court for Hennepin County, Minnesota, select an arbitrator. Arbitration will be conducted pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, unless such rules are inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, but without submission of the dispute to such Association. Limited civil discovery shall be permitted for the production of documents and taking of depositions. Unresolved discovery disputes may be brought to the attention of the arbitrator who may dispose of such dispute. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award any remedy or relief that a court of this state could order or grant; provided, however, that punitive or exemplary damages shall not be awarded. The arbitrator may award to the prevailing Party, if any, as determined by the arbitrator, all of its costs and fees, including the arbitrator’s fees, administrative fees, travel expenses, out-of-pocket expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the place of any arbitration proceedings shall be Hennepin County, Minnesota. This agreement to arbitrate does not include worker’s compensation claims, claims for unemployment compensation, or any injunctive or other relief to which the Bio-Techne may be entitled in accordance with the Prior Agreements referred to in Section 4.1 herein.