Generate a legal document that establishes a business contract between two companies
BUSINESS SERVICE CONTRACT

This Business Service Contract (hereinafter referred to as “Agreement”) is entered into on [Date] between Company A (hereinafter referred to as “Provider”), located at [Address] and Company B (hereinafter referred to as “Client”), located at [Address].

In consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Services to be Provided
Provider shall provide the following services to the Client (The “Services”):
[List of services to be provided]

2. Term of Services
This Agreement shall begin on [Start Date] and shall continue until [End Date] or until terminated by either party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

3. Payment Terms
In consideration for the Services provided by the Provider, the Client shall pay [Amount] due on [Date] and [Amount] due on [Date] and so on. In the event that payments are not made on time, the Provider may suspend performance of the Services until all outstanding amounts have been paid.

4. Representations and Warranties
Both parties represent and warrant that they have the authority to enter into this Agreement and that they will comply with all applicable laws and regulations pertaining to their performance of the Services.

5. Relationship of Parties
The parties understand and agree that this Agreement shall not be interpreted to create an employee-employer relationship between them. The parties are independent contractors, and this Agreement is solely for the purpose of defining their business relationship.

6. Termination
Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other party 30 days prior to the desired date of termination.

7. Dispute Resolution
In the event of a dispute arising under this Agreement, the parties agree to attempt to resolve the dispute through good faith negotiations. If the dispute cannot be resolved through negotiation, the parties agree to submit the dispute to mediation before resorting to the courts.

8. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of [State].

9. Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.

10. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed