Find some interesting facts about the Golden Gate Bridge.
The Golden Gate Bridge is a world-renowned suspension bridge that spans the Golden Gate Strait, the entrance to the San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean. Here are some interesting facts about this iconic landmark of San Francisco, California:

1. The bridge was built between January 1933 and May 1937, at a cost of $35 million ($1.5 billion today), and it opened to the public on May 27, 1937.

2. The chief engineer of the bridge was Joseph Strauss, who started the project in 1917, and Irving Morrow was the architect who designed the bridge's signature Art Deco style.

3. The bridge is 8,981 feet long and stands 746 feet tall. The span between the two main towers is 4,200 feet - this length made it the longest bridge in the world when it was constructed.

4. Contrary to popular belief, the Golden Gate Bridge isn't painted gold. It's painted a color called "International Orange" which was chosen because it enhances the bridge's visibility in the fog and complements its natural surroundings.

5. The bridge is very flexible and its design allows the roadway to move up to 16 feet up and down or side to side depending on the wind speed.

6. The bridge was not built with taxpayer money, but instead, the bridge district had to issue a $35 million bond in order to finance the construction, and this bond was finally paid off in 1971. 

7. The Golden Gate Bridge has been declared one of the Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers.

8. The bridge has a pedestrian walkway and bike lanes that are open to visitors during daylight hours. Approximately 10,000 people walk or bike across the bridge every day.

9. The Golden Gate Bridge is not the official name of the structure. It was originally called simply “the bridge”, but the name “Golden Gate Bridge” was adopted after the San Francisco Call Bulletin used it in 1917 in reference to the Golden Gate Strait.

10. In 1987, to commemorate its 50th anniversary, the bridge closed to vehicular traffic for 7 hours to allow pedestrians to cross, resulting in an estimated 800,000 people crossing the bridge, causing the bridge to flatten, something that engineers never thought would be possible.