Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

Previously, the use of dye-sub printing was limited to industrial or high-end commercial printing. Dye-sub photo printing has been used in medical imaging, graphic arts proofing, security, and broadcast-related applications. Today, it is extremely popular in event photography and photo booths or kiosks that require high-speed, on-demand printing.

Alps Electric produced the first quality dye-sub printers for home consumers in the $500–$1,000 price range, bringing dye-sublimation technology within the reach of a wider audience. (These models were, however, not true page printers, since they used a narrow printhead that swept across the page, like most inkjet printers.) Now there are many dye-sublimation printers on the market starting from as low as $100, especially postcard-sized mobile photo printers.

The ability to produce instant photo prints inexpensively from a small printer has led to dye sublimation solutions supplanting traditional instant photos in some applications, such as ID photography with a card printer.

Several corporations market desktop-size units as stand-alone printers and for print kiosk and photo booth applications. Some of these units are based on generic printers. Some manufacturers, offer software development kits with their printers, suggesting that these companies hope to attract system integrators as a potential market.

Desktop-size standalone dye-sub photo printers are also used by photographers in event photography. The technology allows photographers to produce and sell lab-quality prints immediately during the event they are attending, with a minimal amount of hardware. 

Question: What are the uses of a dye sublimation printer?
Dye sublimation printers are used for industrial or high-end commercial printing, medical imaging, graphic arts proofing, security, broadcast-related applications, event photography, and photo booths or kiosks that require high-speed, on-demand printing. They can produce instant photo prints inexpensively and are popular for ID photography with a card printer. Desktop-size standalone dye-sub photo printers are also used by photographers in event photography, allowing them to produce and sell lab-quality prints immediately during the event they are attending with minimal hardware.