Write a 3-page article discussing the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy
The world has decades to last experienced a pandemic, and the arrival of COVID-19 brought the global economy to its knees in ways that no one could have foreseen or prevented. The virus’s rapid spread across the globe from late 2019 culminated in strict health and safety measures that halted most economic activities, leading to an abrupt recession. Even over a year later, the virus’s effects are still being felt globally, and virtually no economic sector has been spared. This article will explore the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy.

Unemployment rates have spiked tremendously across the world as industries such as aviation, hospitality, and tourism had to halt their operations. The loss of jobs among lower-paid workers, particularly in customer-facing service industries, has resulted in a sharp increase in global poverty levels. In fact, according to the World Bank, the pandemic is estimated to have pushed between 119 and 124 million more people into extreme poverty in 2020 alone. Small and medium-sized enterprises, which are sizable employers globally, were particularly hard hit. According to an analysis by the World Bank, disruptions in supply chains and reductions in foreign trade have considerably restrained several countries' international trade, particularly those dependent on trade volumes.

The lockdowns implemented in many countries led to an unprecedented drop in consumer demand, forcing businesses to adjust their production levels. Service industries suffered the brunt of the blow as governments imposed social distancing guidelines that made it challenging for restaurants, cafes, bars, and entertainment venues to operate. This led to a dramatic decrease in private consumption, contributing to the global recession. Investments also took a nosedive as uncertainty increased, and investors held back on committing to new projects.

Governments worldwide have rolled out an array of fiscal stimulus packages to jump-start their economies, and while the measures might have helped mitigate the severity of the recession, they have also resulted in an increase in public debt. Economic experts are concerned that the increase in debt will result in many countries being unable to reduce their public debt levels to pre-crisis levels, potentially leading to debt crises. The uncertainty brought about by the pandemic has also caused a decrease in global foreign direct investments as investors hold off on committing to new long-term projects.

The fallout has not been evenly distributed across countries, with emerging and developing economies being hit the hardest. For instance, countries dependent on tourism have seen significant drops in their GDP, and the volatility in oil prices has negatively impacted oil-dependent countries. The World Bank estimates