Generate a script of a drama film
**Title: A Second Chance**

Fade in: 

Opening shot of a woman named Emma, in her mid-30s, staring out the window of her home. She looks sad, with tears streaming down her face. 

Emma (voiceover): Sometimes, our decisions lead to unforeseen consequences. And sometimes, those consequences leave us wishing for a second chance.

Cut to a series of flashbacks showing Emma, a successful businesswoman, putting her work before her family. We see her missing her daughter’s recitals and her husband’s work events.

Flashback to the present day. Emma is sitting in a divorce lawyer’s office. She is devastated. 

Lawyer: Emma, your husband has filed for divorce. He is seeking full custody of your daughter.

Emma breaks down in tears. 

Emma (voiceover): I realized, too late, the things that truly matter in life. But maybe, just maybe, it wasn’t too late for me to turn things around.

Cut to Emma working to change her life. She quits her high-pressure job, moves to a smaller house, and begins to rebuild her relationship with her daughter. 

Emma’s daughter, Lily, is hesitant at first, but slowly, the mother-daughter bond is rebuilt. Emma starts attending Lily’s recitals and school events. They go hiking, do art projects, and cook together. 

Cut to Emma preparing for her custody hearing. She is nervous but hopeful.

In the courtroom, Emma and her husband face each other. Emma’s husband speaks first, recounting Emma’s past mistakes. 

Emma’s lawyer presents evidence of Emma’s transformation, including testimony from Lily. 

Judge: Based on the evidence presented, I believe it is in the best interest of the child to award joint custody.

Emma breaks down in tears of gratitude. Her husband approaches her.

Husband: Emma, I…I can see how much you’ve changed. You’ve really turned things around.

Emma: I just want to be the best mother that I can be. 

Husband: Maybe…maybe we can try again. For Lily’s sake.

Emma (voiceover): Life is unpredictable. But sometimes, if we’re willing to do the hard work, it can be kind and give us a second chance.

Fade to black.

End scene.